Update README (#8)
CrowdStrike/detection-container: README.md

[![Container Repository on Quay](https://quay.io/repository/crowdstrike/detection-container/status "Container Repository on Quay")](https://quay.io/repository/crowdstrike/detection-container)

> This container will create detections and preventions on a Linux container platform protected by a CrowdStrike sensor.

Reviewer: What do you mean by a `Linux container platform`? I can run this in the container on a linux host, right?

> This container will create detections and preventions on a Linux container platform protected by a CrowdStrike sensor.

Author: ```suggestion
This container will create detections and preventions only on Linux hosts and container platforms protected by a CrowdStrike sensor.
```
